# Picus Team Manager

In this task, we ask you to implement a desktop application to manage users and teams in a company.

## Wizard Part

The application should run as a 2-step wizard. When the application starts, the user is expected to login into the first wizard page and click Next. On the next page, users enter his/her purpose of logging in so that we can check everyone's purpose on each login and track the cause of any unwanted incident. After clicking the Next button, the user can access the management system.

## Management Part

There are teams and users in our system. Teams have a name (unique) and creation date fields, and users have name, surname, creation date, phone number, and title fields. Users of the system should be able to add/remove any number of users and teams. You can use additional fields for internal usage.

### Requirements
* We should be able to list teams and users separately.
* We should be able to add users to and remove users from teams. A user can be part of multiple teams.
* In team details, users in the team should be listed.
* In user details, teams of the user should be displayed.
* If there are users in a team, the application should prevent the deletion of that team. Users should be removed from the team before deleting the team.
* We should be able to query users and teams by their name and creation date range.
* We should be able to query users that belong to a team.
* 
### Bonus features
* There should be pagination in user and team lists.
* Lists should be sortable by id or creation date.
* To make it similar to our architecture, we expect you to write a simple web server for CRUD operations. The application communicates with this server, and the server handles data storage.

## Data management

You need to persist data and relations somewhere (file, database, or any other option you prefer) other than memory so that data persists upon application exit.

## Development

We do not restrict frameworks or technologies you use. But we prefer you to use WPF-based MVVM architecture for desktop development. 
If you decide to implement a web server, you can use any technology, however; we prefer you to use Golang if you are familiar with it. Otherwise, you can use .NET as well.

## Submission

Please provide us with a Readme to help us execute your application. You can assume we will execute this code on Windows 10. You can use any free cloud platform to host your server and/or database.

## Evaluation

We will not evaluate this task in a black-box manner. Therefore, if there are any unclear points, you can write your assumption in a comment and implement accordingly.



